---
title: Week 10 Overview
layout: post
---

# Week10

Many UI tasks as well as the setup of the Illinois Curator local instance were completed this week. 
While we unfortunately did not accomplish as much as we had liked due to the setup of Curator and commitments
to other courses, the team believes that we are still on track to complete user testing on the first 
week after Thanksgiving break. 

In order to accomplish this, many tasks need to be completed before Thanksgiving rolls around: 

* Finalizing our deployment solution with Chris
* Poishing up the UI to ensure the application can't be placed in an erraneous state
  * NOTE: Most of this process is already complete, but the team needs to sit down and ensure that only analyses that are working are shown to the students in user testing. 
* Construct a set of sample activities that can be performed given the analyses that we have working so far
* Testing the deployment in the labs where the actual user tests will be conducted

As we will be sharing development time with tasks given to the team by the SE department (preparing a mid-term presentation, evaluations, etc...)
we would like to have many of the big blocking tasks resolved before the end of our 4th sprint. This upcoming week, the
team will be getting in touch with Chris to hopefully get deployment rolling by the end of week 12. Concurrently, we will be constructing
user tests scenarios and working on the Java interface with Illinois Curator. 

After discussing the tasks ahead of us with our project sponsor, the team is feeling confident that we can split
all of these tasks up to be completed in parallel. While we may not be able to perform user testing against analysis provided
by Curator or StanfordNLP, we would like to have at least two analyses from each tool operational in Linguine before our
mid-term presentation on december 8th.

## Team Tasks This Week

* Hash out deployment details with Chris
* Perform Sprint 3 retrospective and Sprint 4 planning
* Discuss user tests that can be performed given the app's current state

## Documentation & Artifacts for the Week 

### 4-Up Chart
[Week 10 4-UP Chart](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z-6_FcBZ9uH1jSI8QrT-H9aOSgggmx7XBhPD2Yfu1QY/edit?usp=sharing)

### Time Updates
[Week 10 Time Chart](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K2oMad2dO-2_xXCRoXjd6xQlBaYdHDsW-c2WBinMGN0/edit?usp=sharing)

