---
title: Spring Week 4
term: spring 
layout: post
---

## Minor Configuration Issues

Unfortunately the team has been struggling with deployment of several new features onto the production environment
hosted at nlp.rit.edu/linguine. The team has worked to support versions of Python 3.4.3 and above, which has caused some
backwards compatability issues with NLTK. Now that a majority of the issues have been resolved, we have also implemented
additional logging into the platform to ensure we can fix any issues that occur in the future. All of this information
will be documented using the Github Wiki that is being completed throughout the Spring term. 

## Many new features added!

The feature list for Sprint 2 includes many features we would like to send into user testing including:

* Sentiment analysis of individual tokens and entire sentences and corpora
* Parse tree visualization proof of concepts
* New and improved word cloud on app home page
* Speedup and UI improvements for the CoreNLP analysis process

Moving forward, the ability to edit analyses while many are processed on the backend, in addition to multiple
process threads to take care of multiple analyses at once will be added. This work in addition to visualizations for
pos, ner, and dependency parse trees is expected to be completed by the end of Sprint 3 on March 7th. This is also
when the team will be preforming user testing in class.

## Week 4 docs

* [Four up charts](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TRNwhDmzWrFgZ2wp6Gh8G1xeGZ4L_I1rXD_BGJ5Dp4E/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Timesheet Week 4](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Fcbw9vJ1TfMQg0RmHxC4BqMZt0I43oCvDrwEXh6MCkA/edit?usp=sharing)

## Sprint 1 Burndown

Link to the Sprint 1 burndown chart can be found [here on Google Drive.](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-E4dcyEUb_YEzSLAWAs3xkek12P74CiRVB8yX_XI-uM/pubchart?oid=461669316&format=interactiv://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-E4dcyEUb_YEzSLAWAs3xkek12P74CiRVB8yX_XI-uM/pubchart?oid=461669316&format=interactive)

Enjoy the rest of your week! 
@JPetes

